add README (#3)
dolthub/gitgraph.js: README.md

This is a fork of [GitGraph.js](https://github.com/nicoespeon/gitgraph.js)

Made changes to the original [GitGraph.js](https://github.com/nicoespeon/gitgraph.js) package to take commit info from [DoltHub](https://wwww.dolthub.com).

> The changes have been implemented in two sub-packages: core and react. Before publishing the package, it is necessary to execute the yarn build command within the package to generate the ./lib directory.

Reviewer: This could have a little more detail/structure. Like:

```suggestion

## Package updates

This package includes changes to the original [GitGraph.js](https://github.com/nicoespeon/gitgraph.js) package to take commit info from [DoltHub](https://wwww.dolthub.com) in order to support pagination and [something else here if there is something].

The changes have been implemented in two sub-packages: `core` and `react`.

## Publishing a package

Each subpackage in this repository is it's own npm package. We only publish the [`react`](npm link) and [`core`](npm link) packages. 

Before publishing the package, it is necessary to build the package to generate the `./lib` directory. For example, to publish `gitgraph-react`, you should run:

``
gitgraph-react % yarn build
gitgraph-react % yarn publish
``

You should see changes in the CHANGELOG and package.json for the new version.

```
** Need to add 3 ticks for those publish commands. It was breaking the formatting of my comment
